1) Create 2 classes with the same name, but put them in different packages. For example, com.domainname.modulename.
Create a third class with the main method.
In the main method create two different objects of your classes specifying the full name of the classes (including packages).

2) Take the classes from the task 1. Create a new test class.
Import everything (*) from your created packages.
Now try to create objects of your classes without specifying the packages in front of the class names.
 What happened? How can we avoid this?

3) Answer the question: What is a package-private access? Create a simple program to demonstrate the package-private access.
Tips:
 - Create two different packages
 - Create 3 classes. 2 classes should be in the first package, 3rd class - in the second package.
 - Create in one of the classes some package-private members(fields or methods).
 - In another two classes create objects of the class with package-private members and try to access its members.
 
4) Answer the question: What is a public access? Create a simple program to demonstrate the public access.
You can use tips from the task 3.
 
5) Answer the question: What is a private access? Create a simple program to demonstrate the private access.
Tips:
 - Create two classes
 - In on of them create private members
 - In the second class create an object of the first class
 - Try to access the private members
 
6) Create a new class. Make it impossible to create a new object of this class using a constructor.
Provide an appropriate public method that will allow clients of your class create a new object.

7) What is the difference between package-private access and protected access?

8) Create a new class. Add 5 private fields. Add getter and setters to all the fields.

9) What is the different between static and non-static field of a class?
Create an example to demonstrate this concept.

10) How can you create a constant in Java, that will be available for everyone outside your class or package?

11) Create a class with two different methods and two fields. One of methods should be static, another - non-static.
The same thing should be done with class fields(first - static, second - non-static).
These two methods should change the corresponding fields of the class when called.
Create another class with main method to test your code.

Example:

class MyClass {

   static int staticField;
   int dynamicField;
   
   static void change(int value) {
       // should change corresponding field
   }
   
   void anotherChange(int value) {
       // should change corresponding field
   }
}